Fix typo in security.md (#1314)
denoland/docs: runtime/fundamentals/security.md

Deno provides a mechanism for executing subprocesses, but this requires explicit
permission from the user. This is done using the `--allow-run` flag.

> Any subprocesses you spawn from your program runs independently of the permission
> you granted to the parent process. This means the child processes can access
> system resources regardless of the permissions you granted to the Deno process
> that spawned it. This is often referred to as privilege escalation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any subprocesses you spawn from your program run independently from the
permissions granted to the parent process. This means the child processes can
access system resources regardless of the permissions you granted to the Deno
process that spawned it. This is often referred to as privilege escalation.
```
